Good morning. The Gulf War is over, but we still live in a world that is sick, riddled
with fear and in great danger. The Gospel does not take evil lightly. There's never any suggestion
that the world is not such a bad place after all, and that man's a fine fellow at heart, and if we
only leave humanity to itself and give it a chance, it'll muddle through in time. There is no assurance
that man is really a very decent fellow, and if he does make mistakes, he's doing his best,
and anyhow he's very sincere. Especially at this time, we can have no illusions. We cannot,
if we are honest, blame all the ills on the shoulders of one man. Lots of people made handsome
prophets by helping Saddam Hussein on his evil way. The world's sickness extends to the hungry
and the homeless and the poor, the abused, and the reliance of nations on war as a weapon of
justice. But having said that, the Gospel is not a Gospel of do. Yes, the world is in danger,
and the Gospel says so because it strips off all unreality and fearlessly exposes the truth. The
Gospel alone can do that because it also has a remedy. When you're ill, you can face the worst
diagnosis if you know there is a certain cure, and there is. The world as we see it reflects the
soul and the thinking of man. The world is the outward expression of mankind's inner thoughts,
and those thoughts can undergo the most radical change. The good news that Jesus brought is the
proclamation that the reign of God is there for the taking. Now we might have thought that such
a Gospel would have been grasped by humankind with joyous gratitude, but on the contrary,
its very goodness has been the ground of its rejection. It's been condemned without trial
as too good to be true. We have seen that the impending disaster is a material one,
the homeless on our streets, the starving millions of Africa, but we know that behind it and the
cause of it is a spiritual disaster. By allowing God's thoughts to begin to determine our thoughts,
the spiritual regeneration is set in motion. In the mind of God, there is already a new world
order. Let that mind be new, which was also in Christ Jesus. We think of God as being almighty.
Can we also think of God as love and to believe that love is almighty, that love can overcome
all things? It's a thought. No, no, it's more than a thought. It's a revolution.